---
layout: page
permalink: /about/
---

# About

Talaria Software builds software products and provides coaching and consulting
for to help others build software products.

## People

Software is made by and for people. These are some of the people who make
software with us.

### Damien Burke

Damien Burke started working on Internet startups in 1999 and never stopped. He
has been an engineer, founder, CTO, VP, and product manager. In 2018, he started
Talaria Software to provide software coaching and consulting.

Outside of tech, Damien is certified in ontological coaching, hypnosis, and
neuro-linguistic programming. He spent several years as a professional poker
player, has performed as an actor in theatre, commercials, network television,
and film, and currently serves on the board of his local neighborhood council.

Damien is a frequent guest on tech podcasts and a co-host on [Greater than
Code](https://www.greaterthancode.com/hosts/damien-burke).

### Rob Head

Rob Head has been building web technology for over twenty years.

Rob is also a graduate student in music and interactive media, a composer, a
pianist, a former choreographer, and a game designer. He lives in Ashland,
Oregon.

## Projects

### EarlyWords

[EarlyWords](https://earlywords.io) was created by [52
Sketches](https://52sketches.com), a collaboration between Damien Burke and Rob
Head.

Inspired by morning pages, a practice in Julia Cameron's _The Artist's Way_,
Rob conceived of a software tool that would guide and encourage people in a
practice that would unchain the artist with in them.

Together, Rob and Damien built designed, implemented, and deployed a complete
web-based comsumer product that makes people more creative every day.

### NCMS

The [Neighborhood Council Management System](https://ncmanager.org) (NCMS) supports
volunteer elected officials in the government of the City of Los Angeles.

The neighborhood council system is the smallest unit of government in Los
Angeles, created in 1999 to promote more citizen participation in government and
make government more responsive to local needs. It is driven by unpaid,
part-time volunteers elected and appointed to represent their communities.

As part of the LA City government, neighborhood councils are governed by a
confusing array of interlocking rules and regulations including the Los Angeles
City Charter, the Brown Act (California's open meeting law), the California
Public Records Act, regulations created by the Department of Neighborhood
Empowerment, the Board of Neighborhood Commissioners, and the City Clerk, their
individual bylaws and parliamentary procedure such as _Robert's Rules of Order_.

NCMS incorporates years of experience in the neighborhood council system to help
neighborhood leaders create agendas, minutes, and other forms in compliance with
the relevant laws and regulations and guides them through meetings in accordance
with parliamentary procedures.

### Neverbust

[Neverbust](https://neverbust.com) is the bankroll manager for professional poker
players.

A mobile-friendly, web-based tool for live poker players, Neverbust provides
players with an easy way to record their results and track their bankroll. The
most innovative aspect of Neverbust is its ability to determine a player's risk
of ruin, the most crucial thing to know for anyone who plays poker
professionally or wants to.

### CDC FAQ API

In the spring and summer of 2020 governments and individuals around the world
struggled with fear, confusion, and disinformation regarding coronavirus
pandemic.

In collaboration with the office of the [CTO of
NYC](https://www.nyc.gov/assets/cto/) and [18F](https://18f.gsa.gov), the
digital services agency of the Federal Government, Talaria Software designed,
implemented, and deployed an API to allow anyone to incorporate coronavirus
information on their website. This enabled websites relying on CDC information
to be confident that they are providing users with the most accurate and
up-to-date information available.

The API was incorporated in the CDC website and is [still available there](https://faq.coronavirus.gov/api/).
