---
layout: page
permalink: /consulting/build_your_app
---
# Build Your App

$80k per month for three months

Build Your App is a twelve-week program to turn your idea into a functioning
application.

This is for entrepreneurs who have the resources and are ready to
commit to making their dream a reality. You need to understand your customers,
understand their needs, and be ready and able to invest in creating a solution
for them. Because this is a collaboration, you also need to be available to
answer questions and work with the team as necessary during business hours and
to meet with the team for an hour at least once a week.

## How It Works

We start at the beginning, with what's called an inception. We spend all day
together, learning about your customers and fleshing out your vision until we
know enough to turn it into a series of actionable deliverables.

Then we get to work. Two full-time engineers and one part-time designer work
together to add, piece by piece, the elements to make your dream a reality.
You'll see improvement to your product on an approximately daily basis, and
receive a report on the progress every week.

Soon, you'll have a minimum viable product that you can use to start building a
base of paying customers and adapting to their feedback. We continue to improve
the product and adjust to feedback until the program is over.

# Is This for You?

This program isn't for everyone. It requires a large investment of time, effort,
and money. It also requires you to have a deep understanding of who the users
and customers of your app will be. But if you have the resources and believe in
your idea, it is the best and fastest way to get a working app in front of your
customers.

Because this is a highly collaborative process, it's not available to everyone.
You will be working closely with me and my team and we are picky about who we
work with. But if this is something that you are interested in, click here to
book an interview with me.
